Update documentation for the Asset Store (#12033)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/asset_store/using_asset_store_website.rst

.. _doc_using_asset_store_website:

Using the Asset Store Website
=============================

Overview
~~~~~~~~

> As mentioned before, you can access the web frontend of the Asset Library on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, you can access the web frontend of the Asset Store on
```

> `Godot's official website <https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Godot's official website <https://store.godotengine.org/>`_.
```
I assume, otherwise I'd mention like "the old asset library"

This is what it looks like when you first visit it:

.. image:: img/asset_store_website.webp

Searching
~~~~~~~~~

The search bar at the top of the page can be used to find assets. You can either
type in the name of something specific you're looking for, or a tag such as ``2D``.

.. image:: img/asset_store_search.webp

Note that the search results are not updated in real-time, so you will have to
re-submit the search query each time you change the query settings.

> You can also click on the tag a project has to pull up a search of other assets with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also click on any tag project has to pull up a search of other assets with
```
I'd say

that tag.

Breakdown of an asset
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Now let's take a look at what an asset's page looks like and what it contains.

.. image:: img/asset_store_asset.webp

You'll immediately notice media showing off the asset in the center of the screen.
Below that are 3 tabs, the description, changelog, and reviews.

The panel on the left is where you'll find the asset author, tags, license, source
code link if applicable, download button, and the option to add it to your library
if you're logged in.

> If you are logged in, below this panel there will be a "Flag this Asset" button. Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are logged in, there will be a "Flag this Asset" button below this panel. Use
```

this to report the asset if there's an issue that may warrant removal, such as

> copyright infringement, theft, impersonation, and so on. This is NOT for bug reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copyright infringement, theft, or impersonation. This is **not** for bug reports
```
No "etc." or similar after "such as" I'd say, also I'd use formatting for emphasis not caps

for the asset itself.

Registering and logging in
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In order to upload assets to the Asset Store, leave reviews on assets, and report,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to upload assets to the Asset Store, leave reviews on assets, and report
```

Reviewer: This was skipped, it says "In order to upload assets to the Asset Store, leave reviews on assets, and report, assets, you need to login."
